999 A.D.
A downloadable game for Windows

Назовите вашу цену
The team
Dale McAuliffe: Lead Artist
Ivan Palazzo: Lead Programmer, Level Designer
Jules Rodrigues: Programmer, Soundman
Justinas Baskys: GUI programmer
Alexander Hapgood: Narrative Designer

Special thanks to Mehmet Durmus for contributing to the initial design phase.

Overview of the game
This game was made as part of the Game Development Group Project 1 module at the University of Westminster.

The idea for the game stems from the superstition according to which the world would end in the year 1000. The main character, a fallen night, is sent on a quest to defeat the demonic creatures plotting to take over the world at the start of the second millennium.

The genre of 999 A.D. is side scroller metroidvania. The world map consists of eighteen interconnected sections that become accessible as the player collects keys and power-ups (double jump and wall jump). The player can also attack enemies by throwing drops of holy water, which move following a projectile trajectory.

The final boss fight is driven by a simple A.I. that randomly selects the next attack pattern, making it more challenging as the boss's health decreases.

In the last part of the game, the player has to escape from a collapsing underground cave. This level features a series of carefully timed triggers, which control events like platforms falling down or lava geysers shooting up.

999 A.D. features an automatic save system, which records the progress at each screen transition as well as the best time for completing the game and the achievements completed.

Additional info
Developed with Monogame 3.6
Supported platforms: Windows PCs
Requires .NET Framework 4.5 or above

Больше информации
Обновлено	 Jan 22, 2021
Опубликовано	 Oct 09, 2020
Состояние	Released
Платформы	Windows
Рейтинг	
Rated 4.5 out of 5 stars
(2total ratings)
Автор	Ivan Palazzo
Жанр	Platformer, Adventure
Создано при помощи	Aseprite, MonoGame, Adobe Photoshop
Метки	2D, Medieval, Metroidvania, Mystery, mythology, Nonlinear, Pixel Art, Singleplayer, Tilemap
Средний сеанс	About a half-hour
Языки	English
Устройства управления	Keyboard, Xbox controller
Специальные возможности	Subtitles